Individual Reflection Week 1:
*Since it is the first week of the course and we have not gotten so much information about the objectives of the software-project 
itself, i would like this weeks reflection to focus on the areas we have touched upon so far. 

What do I want to learn or understand better?
The main subject i am excited to learn more about is how to work effectively with the SCRUM-method and how it can be applied to a project of this size. 
I am not used to work in groups this big and i am intressted in finding out how SCRUM can help with the responsibilities and roles in the group and see if it helps our group work more agile.
Usely i am not a person who reflects to much and like to focus forward, as i have come to understand a big part of Scrum is to reflect and learn from that which means i most likely will learn alot in this area. 
I have seen GitHub and other repository sites but nevery worked with one myself. It will therefor be intresting to see how GitHub can help and make the future work easier and more organized. 

How can I help someone else, or the entire team, to learn something new?
Since the project just started we have not met so many hurdles yet. We all have pretty basic knowledge of Scrum and are on the same level of programing knowledge. 
Furhter as the weeks progresses tho i feel like we will develop different skillsets and i will always strive to share my newfound knowledge any way possible, this will help us work more effeciently.

What is my contribution towards the team’s application of scrum?
So far it is at a very early stage of the project and i have no previous experience of Scrum. This weeks main focus has therefor been to really getting into the concept of scrum. This has been done by attending the lecutres and also some litterature. 
I feel like we all are at the same knowledge level here and that we can help each others with some reminders and discusstions around the subject to get a more united view on how we will apply it to our day to day work in the project. 

What is my contribution towards the team’s deliveries? 
That means that for the personal learning objective you will each week write down what you have achieved in 
relation to last week's ambition (technologies, concepts and  skills learnt as well as how this was achieved),
what you would like to achieve for the next week and how to make the change happen. 
The first week of the course you describe the current situation by motivating a learning objective. 
It is perfectly fine to change objective/s each week as long as you can motivate the change and you 
evaluate the outcome of the previous week (e.g. describing the current situation).

As i have mentioned above i feel like i have started to get some theoretical knowledge of what scrum is and how it works. To evolve this even more i would like to get insight of how the scrum framework helps our team work in a more agile way. Both theoretical but also practical if possible during next weeks sprint. 




