what do I want to learn or understand better?
  * I want to understand how to use GitHub more efficiently and also increase my understanding of SCRUM as a concept. 
    Furthermore i wish to gain more insight in how to work with agile development awell as trying to adapt myself to 
    working is such large development teams. I also want a better understanding of the existing application portableCDM.

How can I help someone else, or the entire team, to learn something new?
  * We are right now in the start-up phase and because we all have the same programming background we all have the same 
    basic level of understanding. We have been able to understand SCRUM better through discussions. This week i have
    been able to share information to the members that have been abroad. 

What is my contribution towards the team’s application of scrum?
  * My contribution has been to try and understand how SCRUM works and also how to use GitHub seing as it is relatively 
    new to me. I have done this by attending lectures aswell as read litterature.
  * I have also provided the members abroad with information about the project. 

What is my contribution towards the team’s deliveries? That means that for the personal learning objective you 
will each week write down what you have achieved in relation to last week's ambition (technologies, concepts and skills 
learnt as well as how this was achieved), what you would like to achieve for the next week and how to make the change happen. 
The first week of the course you describe the current situation by motivating a learning objective. It is perfectly fine to 
change objective/s each week as long as you can motivate the change and you evaluate the outcome of the previous week 
(e.g. describing the current situation).
  * We have not yet started the project so it is hard to set a good objective. My learning objective for the following week 
    is to gain better understanding of the application and the projekt so that we two weeks from now can utilize the coaching
    and ask the right questions. 
